# SHINKEN Playtest session 8-Nov-2024

- Aaron H
- Wythe M

## Rules version

v0.0.4

## Notes

Wythe won. He had a Nodachi and I had a Katana. Being unable to DODGE or DIVE from his Nodachi was very impactful, and ultimately seemed like a dominant strategy.

Venues need a mechanical impact or else they seem like a distraction.

We need some clarification on the rules between "Training" a card (you perform its training action then add it to your reserves) from the training pool and "taking" a card from it (add to your reserves but do not perform its action).

The DUEL SPREAD placements all occurred at the end. Maybe certain effects could coerce an opponent or player to commit an early placement though. 

It's still a little hard to read cards.

We need a way to track who is the AGGRESSOR, presently. 

We had some confusion about whether an iniital attack could also be an ACTION. 

We ran into a weird issue with RIPOSTE where Wythe would attack, I would PARRY and get to RIPOSTE, and then he would counter my RIPOSTE with a RIPOSTE (Tut-Tut), then I would try to PARRY that...etc.

Reemembering how DODGE, PARRY, DIVE, and BLOCK worked required rules referencing during play.

I think maybe a RIPOSTE is a terminal thing that ends the current attack volley. We also need to define an "Attack volley"

Overall, the game FELT like a duel and challenges aside it was fun and exciting to play. The individual phases went fairly quickly.

The reserves could incorporate the notion of "Spirit" perhaps? 